but everybody uses them very very
carefully please I want someone to
explain to me the difference between
listening and hearing listening is when
you pay attention and absorb information
what is being said to you and hearing is
when you hear information or a voice but
you don't take any notice of it
information is an assortment excellent
so Jacob that's exactly right
listen to this I realize high school
students listen carefully
is it okay - calculator
Rula use these shock mount pens and a
school diary and don't forget - fully
equipped and ready for
make sure you actively participating at
all times get active and join me now
like any other library in our library
there must be quiet and respectful
amaryllis Roscoe we respect each other
ourselves and afternoon and we work on
cookies you must work quietly it must
stay on class we must reach there
quickly with respect as no computers we
have reference books we use this to look
up information it is a valuable learning
tool and we must always respect
I says everyone has been so good with
them like we are going to use the Xbox
to learn about forces wait guys we have
to all negotiate
let's go alphabetically so first is
Daniel bed and Rhys then to see all that
and then Zoe that's fair enough